HOME PAGE

We love books, whether they be science or science-fiction, memoirs or mysteries. There's something magical about sitting down with a fresh book, so full of potential and wonder. And there's equal magic in the sorrow of saying goodbye to characters you've grown to know and love as you turn that last page.

Words are powerful.

Now you need those words to be read and shared. We're good at that. In fact, it's what we're best at: we're a design and development studio that specializes in the publishing industry. So, if you're a writer or a publisher that we're not already working with, you should hire us. We're wicked good.


Being Wicked Creative
Web Design and Development: This is about more than promotion. It's about stepping past the competition and the noise, and it's about having an identity on the web. More »

Being Wicked Clever

Application Development: Sometimes you need more than a website or marketing materials. We can create any web-based applications you may need. More »

Being Wicked Fun
Game Design and Development: What brings people to websites more than anything? Ok, besides that. Wow, who's being wicked now? We're talking about games! More »

ABOUT PAGE


About Being Wicked

We are a small, smart, experienced team who are out to create excellent online projects, whether they be websites, applications or games. We've been designing and developing such things for over a decade now; we're pretty good at it!


For the love of Books

We’re a bunch of bookworms. We love books and we’ve been fortunate to work with numerous authors and publishers in creating great websites, applications and games. We are well-versed in best practices for the publishing arena, and in working with authors and publishers to meet expectations (not to mention those book launch deadlines!). It’s exciting to launch a new book and we love being a part of that. If you are an author or publisher who isn’t already working with us, you should hire us. We know what we are doing and we love our work. A great combination when you want someone to put every effort into getting your book seen.

What we take seriously…

Effective, clean, and beautiful design.
Web standards and Web accessibility.
Honest, long-term client relationships.  We’ve been working with some of our clients for years, and they are more friends than clients at this point.

The Team

Lorissa Shepstone, Creative Founder
Lorissa started her design career in the late 90's and is a keen advocate of elegant, clean design and web standards. When she's not working on a design project, she can be found with her camera exploring her other love: photography. She's easily bribed with soya cappuccinos and chocolate. Just saying.

Gordon Clemmons, Codemonger
Since the age of 9, Gordon has had a passion for programming. His passion for games probably arrived around the same time. He believes in using the right tools for the job and, through experience, knows the pros and cons of many.




TALK TO US PAGE

If you’re looking for a quote or proposal, please complete our handy “Request for a Quote” form. We’ll usually respond within a week.

If you have any questions about what we do, who we are—or anything at all really—feel free to drop us a line.


Our Office Hours:
10am to 6pm, Monday to Friday


Our schedule is currently full, but we will be available to start work on new projects in October. We'd love to hear from you!