
HOME PAGE
Hello and welcome to Simply Recipes
If you are unfamiliar with Simply Recipes, please allow me to take a moment to introduce you to the site. The first thing you should know is that Simply Recipes is a blog or a personal website, created and maintained by me, Elise Bauer.
Unlike most of the large recipe sites that you might find on the Internet with tens of thousands of recipes, Simply Recipes is my personal website. The recipes are all tested (often several times) by me, my family or my friends.

Recipes
-Baked Potato Soap
-Zuchinni Fritter
-Baked Chicken Drumstick
-Chicken Paprikash
-Beef Barley Mushroom





Zuchinni Fritters

Ingredients
1 lb of zucchini (about 3 medium sized), coarsely grated
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 large egg
1/2 cup all purpose flour
3 green onions, minced
1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme
1 teaspoon minced fresh basil
1/2 teaspoon lemon zest
1 1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 cup of olive oil, grapeseed oil, or canola oil
1/2 cup sour cream (can sub Greek yogurt)
1 clove garlic, minced, about 1 teaspoon
1/2 teaspoon lemon zest
1 teaspoon lemon juice
Pinch of salt


Method
1 Salt the grated zucchini with about 1 teaspoon of salt. Place in a sieve or colander over a bowl. Let sit for 10 minutes. Press down with a wooden spoon to push out more of the water. Wrap in paper towels and try to squeeze out more liquid.
zucchini-fritters-method-1
2 While the zucchini is releasing its liquid in step one, make the dipping sauce. Whisk together the sour cream, minced garlic, lemon zest, lemon juice, and a pinch of salt into a medium bowl and set aside.
3 Whisk egg in a large bowl. Add the grated zucchini, flour, minced green onions, thyme, basil, lemon zest, salt and pepper. Mix to combine well.
zucchini-fritters-method-2
4 Heat oil in a large skillet (we recommend a 10-inch cast iron skillet) over medium high heat until the oil is shimmery and hot. Test the oil by flicking a little flour into it. If the flour sizzles it's ready. Cook the fritters in batches. Drop heaping tablespoons of batter into the skillet. Flatten slightly with the back end of a spoon or spatula. Cook, turning once, until browned, 4-6 minutes on each side. Transfer to a paper towel-lined plate. Sprinkle with salt. Repeat with remaining batter.
zucchini-fritters-method-3 zucchini-fritters-method-4
Serve immediately, with sour cream dipping sauce.
Fritters can be reheated by placing on a sheet pan under a broiler for a minute or two.


Beef-Mushroom-Barley Stew

Ingredients
2 Tbsp unsalted butter
2-3 pounds beef chuck, cut into chunks
Salt
3 cups chopped onions
1 pound button or cremini mushrooms, quartered if small or 1/4-inch sliced
1 quart beef or chicken broth
3 cups water
2 teaspoons dried marjoram
1 cup pearl barley
1 cup roughly chopped carrot
3 cups celery root, peeled and chopped into 3/4-inch to 1-inch chunks
Black pepper
About 1/2 cup sour cream (around 1 Tbsp sour cream per serving)
Dill for garnish


Method
1 In a Dutch oven or other large, lidded pot, melt the butter over medium-high heat. Add enough pieces of the beef to sear in the pot without crowding. You will need to brown the meat in several batches. Salt the beef as it cooks, and set aside browned pieces in a bowl.
beef-barley-mushroom-stew-1.jpg beef-barley-mushroom-stew-2.jpg
2 When all the beef has browned, add the onions. As the onions release some of their water, use a wooden spoon to scrape any browned bits off the bottom of the pot. Sprinkle a little salt over the onions as they cook. Lower the heat to medium and cook the onions until they begin to brown, 5-6 minutes.
beef-barley-mushroom-stew-3.jpg beef-barley-mushroom-stew-4.jpg
3 When the onions have lightly browned, mix in the mushrooms and increase the heat to high. Cook the mushrooms until they release their water, about 2-3 minutes.
3 Add the beef back to the pot and sprinkle with marjoram. Add 1 cup of the stock and use the wooden spoon to scrape any browned bits off the bottom of the pot. Add the rest of the stock and water and bring to a simmer. Cover the pot, lower the heat to low and simmer very gently for 1 hour.
beef-barley-mushroom-stew-5.jpg beef-barley-mushroom-stew-6.jpg
4 Add the barley, celery root and carrots, stir well and recover the pot. Simmer gently until the barley and celery root are tender, between 40 minutes and an hour.


BAKED POTATO SOUP

Ingredients
4 pounds russet potatoes (about 7 medium potatoes)
1/4 pound thick sliced bacon, cut crosswise into 1/8-inch slices (lardons)
1 large onion, finely chopped (about 2 cups)
2 ribs celery, finely chopped
6 cups chicken stock
1 teaspoon kosher salt (more to taste)
1/8 teaspoon of ground white or black pepper
2 to 4 Tbsp heavy cream (optional)
Garnishes:
Grated sharp cheddar cheese
Sour cream
Minced chives
Crumbled bacon (from step 2 in method)


Method
1 Scrub the potatoes clean and poke them all over with the tines of a fork or paring knife (this is so they don't explode from internal pressure building up as they cook). Place on a foil lined baking sheet and bake at 400°F for 1 hour, or until easily cut through with a knife. Remove and let cool enough to handle. (To speed up cooling, slice them in half lengthwise.)
bake the potatoes brown the bacon lardons
2 Place bacon lardons in a large, thick bottomed Dutch oven (about 5 to 6 quart pot). Heat on medium high until the bacon starts to brown then lower the heat to medium. Cook until the bacon has rendered most of its fat and the lardons are browned and crispy. Remove the cooked bacon and set aside. Remove all but 1 tablespoon of bacon fat from the pan. (Do not discard bacon fat in your sink, it will clog the drain. Pour the fat into a jar and let it cool and solidify. Then either scoop it out and discard it or use it for another purpose.)
3 Add the chopped onion and celery to the remaining bacon fat in the pot. Cook for 2 minutes on medium high, then lower the heat to low, and cover the pot. Let cool slowly on low heat for 15 to 20 minutes.
cook the chopped onions and celery scoop cooked potato out of potato skins and into pot
4 When potatoes are cool enough to handle, scoop out the insides to a bowl. Then add it to the cooked onion and celery mixture along with 6 cups chicken stock. Add a teaspoon of kosher salt. Bring the soup to a simmer and reduce the heat to low. Use a potato masher to mash the potatoes into the stock.
cook the baked potato soup
5 Cook the potato soup for about 5 minutes, then use an immersion blender to purée about half of the soup if you want a slightly chunky soup, or purée all of it if you want a smoother soup. Stir 2 to 4 tablespoons of heavy cream into the soup if you want a creamier soup. Add more salt and pepper to taste.
6 Pour into bowls and top with grated cheddar, sour cream, chives, and crumbled crispy bacon.

BREADED AND BAKED DRUMSTICK

Ingredients
1/4 cup mayonnaise
1/4 cup Dijon or whole grain mustard
2 teaspoons Worcestershire sauce
3/4 cup dry breadcrumbs
2 Tbsp finely chopped chives or green onion greens
Salt
6 large chicken drumsticks, about 1 1/3 lbs
Olive oil

Method
1 Place rack on upper third of oven. Preheat oven to 425°F. Coat the bottom of a shallow roasting pan or baking sheet with a thin layer of olive oil.
2 Mix together the mayonnaise, mustard, and Worcestershire sauce in a medium bowl. Mix together the breadcrumbs and minced chives in a separate medium bowl.
3 Sprinkle each drumstick with salt. One by one, dip each drumstick in the mayonnaise mixture, turning to coat. Then dip the drumstick in the breadcrumbs mixture, turning to coat. Place the drumsticks on the prepared roasting pan.
4 Bake chicken for 20-25 minutes, until just cooked through, and juices run clear (not pink) when poked with a sharp knife.

CHICKEN PAPRISKASH

Ingredients
hungarian-paprika.jpg
2 to 2 1/2 pounds of chicken pieces, preferably thighs and legs
Salt
2-3 Tbsp unsalted butter
2 pounds yellow onions, (about 2-3 large onions)
Black pepper to taste
2 Tbsp sweet paprika, preferably Hungarian
1 teaspoon (or to taste), hot paprika or cayenne
1 cup chicken broth
1/2 cup sour cream

Method
1 Salt the chicken pieces well and let them sit at room temperature while you cut the onions. Slice the onions lengthwise (top to root).
chicken-paprikash-1a.jpgchicken-paprikash-2a.jpg
2 Heat a large sauté pan over medium-high heat and melt the butter. When the butter is hot, pat the chicken pieces dry with paper towels and place them skin-side down in the pan. Let the chicken pieces cook 4-5 minutes on one side, until well browned, then turn them over and let them cook 2-3 minutes on the other side. (Take care when turning so as not to tear the skin if any is sticking to the pan.) Remove the chicken from the pan to a bowl, set aside.
chicken-paprikash-3a.jpgchicken-paprikash-4a.jpg
3 Add the sliced onions to the sauté pan and cook them, stirring occasionally, scraping up the browned bits from the chicken, until lightly browned, about 7 minutes.
chicken-paprikash-5a.jpgchicken-paprikash-6a.jpg
4 Add the paprika and some black pepper to the onions and stir to combine. Add the chicken broth, again scraping up the browned bits from the bottom of the pan, and then nestle the chicken pieces into the pan, on top of the onions. Cover and cook on a low simmer for 20-25 minutes (depending on the size of your chicken pieces). When the chicken is cooked through (at least 165° if you use a thermometer, or if the juices run clear, not pink when the thickest part of the thigh is pierced with a knife) remove the pan from the heat. (If you want, you can also keep cooking the chicken until it begins to fall off the bone, which may take another 30 minutes or so.)
5 When the chicken is done to your taste, remove the chicken from the pan. Allow the pan to cool for a minute and then slowly stir in the sour cream and add salt to taste. If the sour cream cools the sauce too much, turn the heat back on just enough to warm it through. Add the chicken back to the pan and coat with the sauce.



